In these examples, even though you have a list of topics,
some things are still unclear.
For example, the rostopic list command does
not tell us which nodes are publishing or subscribing to a topic,
or what type of messages are being passed.
To get that information,
we will use the command rostopic info.
Let's start with getting information about the command vel topic,
rostopic info, and then the name of the topic you'd like more information about.
In this case, turtle1,
command vel. There you have it.
The command vel topic has one publisher,
the teleop node, and one subscriber, the turtlesim node.
This is as you might have suspected a while back when we
were using the keyboard to command the turtle vel teleop node.
The message type associated with the command vel topic is
a twist message and is part of the geometry messages package.
You might be asking yourself right now what is a twist message.
To learn that, we will use the ros message command next.